---
title: Kompatibilitäts-und Sicherheitsfeatures in Exchange Online Archivierung
ms.author: office365servicedesc
author: pamelaar
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords:
- compliance-and-security-features-in-exchange-online-archiving
ms.service: o365-administration
localization_priority: Normal
ms.custom: Adm_ServiceDesc
ms.assetid: 7482322a-39fe-4a99-b29c-63cb1bc3cf1f
ms.openlocfilehash: b03c74e0c760cf22c12e6973a544553d119471fe
ms.sourcegitcommit: d2cd67e52dd646b68bfbfd8a387e70a6da140a62
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: de-DE
ms.lasthandoff: 07/14/2020
ms.locfileid: "45132739"
---
# <a name="compliance-and-security-features-in-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="6d78a-102">Kompatibilitäts-und Sicherheitsfeatures in Exchange Online Archivierung</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-102">Compliance and security features in Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

## <a name="compliance-features-in-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="6d78a-103">Kompatibilitätsfunktionen der Exchange Online-Archivierung</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-103">Compliance features in Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-104">Im folgenden Abschnitt werden die Kompatibilitätsfunktionen von Microsoft Exchange Online-Archivierung beschrieben.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-104">The following sections describe the compliance features of Microsoft Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span>
  
### <a name="retention-policies"></a><span data-ttu-id="6d78a-105">Aufbewahrungsrichtlinien</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-105">Retention policies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-106">Exchange Online-Archivierung bietet Aufbewahrungsrichtlinien, die Organisationen dabei helfen, ihre Verpflichtungen hinsichtlich E-Mails und anderen Kommunikationsformen zu reduzieren.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-106">Exchange Online Archiving offers retention policies to help organizations reduce the liabilities associated with email and other communications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-107">Mithilfe dieser Richtlinien haben Administratoren die Möglichkeit, Aufbewahrungseinstellungen für bestimmte Ordner des Posteingangs eines Benutzers anzuwenden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-107">With these policies, administrators can apply retention settings to specific folders in users' inboxes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-108">Administratoren können Benutzern auch ein Menü mit Aufbewahrungsrichtlinien erteilen und die Richtlinien auf bestimmte Elemente, Unterhaltungen oder Ordner anwenden, die Outlook 2010 oder höher oder Outlook im Internet verwenden sollen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-108">Administrators can also give users a menu of retention policies and let them apply the policies to specific items, conversations, or folders using Outlook 2010 or later or Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-109">In Exchange Online-Archivierung verwalten Administratoren Aufbewahrungsrichtlinien aus der lokalen Infrastruktur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-109">In Exchange Online Archiving, administrators manage retention policies from the on-premises infrastructure.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-110">Exchange Online Archiving offers two types of policies: archive and delete.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-110">Exchange Online Archiving offers two types of policies: archive and delete.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-111">Both types can be applied to the same item or folder.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-111">Both types can be applied to the same item or folder.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-112">For example, a user can tag an email message so that it is automatically moved to the personal archive in a specified number of days and deleted after another span of days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-112">For example, a user can tag an email message so that it is automatically moved to the personal archive in a specified number of days and deleted after another span of days.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-113">Mit Outlook 2010 und höher und Outlook im Internet können Benutzer Aufbewahrungsrichtlinien auf Ordner, Unterhaltungen oder einzelne Nachrichten anwenden, und Sie können auch die angewendeten Aufbewahrungsrichtlinien und die erwarteten Löschungs Termine für Nachrichten anzeigen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-113">With Outlook 2010 and later and Outlook on the web, users can apply retention policies to folders, conversations, or individual messages and can also view the applied retention policies and expected deletion dates on messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-114">Benutzer von anderen E-Mail-Clients können E-Mails basierend auf vom Administrator bereitgestellten Aufbewahrungsrichtlinien löschen oder archivieren lassen, verfügen aber nicht über das gleiche Maß an Transparenz und Steuerung.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-114">Users of other email clients can have email deleted or archived based on server-side retention policies provisioned by the administrator, but they do not have the same level of visibility and control.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-115">The retention policy capabilities offered in Exchange Online Archiving are the same as those offered in Exchange Server 2010 Service Pack 2 (SP2) and later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-115">The retention policy capabilities offered in Exchange Online Archiving are the same as those offered in Exchange Server 2010 Service Pack 2 (SP2) and later.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-116">Administrators can manage retention policies from on-premises Exchange Server 2010 and later environments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-116">Administrators can manage retention policies from on-premises Exchange Server 2010 and later environments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-117">Managed Folders, an older approach to messaging records management that was introduced in Exchange 2007, are not available in and not compatible with Exchange Online Archiving.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-117">Managed Folders, an older approach to messaging records management that was introduced in Exchange 2007, are not available in and not compatible with Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-118">For more details, see [Retention Tags and Retention Policies](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=314153).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-118">For more details, see [Retention Tags and Retention Policies](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=314153).</span></span>
  
### <a name="in-place-hold-and-litigation-hold"></a><span data-ttu-id="6d78a-119">Compliance-Archiv und Aufbewahrung für eventuelle Rechtsstreitigkeiten</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-119">In-Place Hold and Litigation Hold</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-120">When a reasonable expectation of litigation exists, organizations are required to preserve electronically stored information (ESI), including email that's relevant to the case.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-120">When a reasonable expectation of litigation exists, organizations are required to preserve electronically stored information (ESI), including email that's relevant to the case.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-121">This expectation can occur before the specifics of the case are known, and preservation is often broad.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-121">This expectation can occur before the specifics of the case are known, and preservation is often broad.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-122">Organizations may preserve all email related to a specific topic, or all email for certain individuals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-122">Organizations may preserve all email related to a specific topic, or all email for certain individuals.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-123">In Exchange Online können Sie das Compliance-Archiv oder die Aufbewahrung für eventuelle Rechtsstreitigkeiten verwenden, um folgende Ziele zu erreichen:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-123">In Exchange Online, you can use In-Place Hold or Litigation Hold to accomplish the following goals:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-124">Platzieren von Benutzerpostfächern in Archiven und Beibehalten von Postfachelementen in unveränderbarer Form</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-124">Enable users to be placed on hold and preserve mailbox items immutably</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-125">Beibehalten von Postfachelementen, die von Benutzern oder automatischen Löschprozessen wie z. B. MRM gelöscht werden</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-125">Preserve mailbox items deleted by users or automatic deletion processes such as MRM</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-126">Schützen von Postfachelementen vor Manipulation, Änderungen durch einen Benutzer oder automatische Prozesse, indem eine Kopie des ursprünglichen Elements gespeichert wird</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-126">Protect mailbox items from tampering, changes by a user, or automatic processes by saving a copy of the original item</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-127">Beibehalten von Elementen auf unbestimmte Zeit oder über einen bestimmten Zeitraum</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-127">Preserve items indefinitely or for a specific duration</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-128">Das Halten für den Benutzer transparent halten, ohne MRM anhalten zu müssen</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-128">Keep holds transparent from the user by not having to suspend MRM</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-129">Verwenden von Compliance-eDiscovery, um Postfachelemente, einschließlich Elementen in einem Compliance-Archiv, zu durchsuchen</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-129">Use In-Place eDiscovery to search mailbox items, including items placed on hold</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-130">Außerdem können Sie das Compliance-Archiv für Folgendes verwenden:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-130">Additionally, you can use In-Place Hold to:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-131">Durchsuchen und Halten von Elementen, die bestimmte Kriterien erfüllen</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-131">Search and hold items matching specified criteria</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-132">Platzieren von Benutzern in mehreren Compliance-Archiven für unterschiedliche Fälle oder Untersuchungen</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-132">Place a user on multiple In-Place Holds for different cases or investigations</span></span>
    
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-133">Wenn Sie für ein Postfach den In-Situ-Speicher oder das Beweissicherungsverfahren aktivieren, wird diese Einstellung auf das primäre und das Archivpostfach angewendet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-133">When you put a mailbox on In-Place Hold or Litigation Hold, the hold is placed on both the primary and the archive mailbox.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-134">Weitere Informationen finden Sie unter [Compliance-Archiv](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271746).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-134">For more information, see [In-Place Hold and Litigation Hold](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271746).</span></span>
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-135">Das standardmäßige Kontingent für den Ordner „Wiederherstellbare Elemente" beträgt 100 GB für Exchange Online-Archivierung-Benutzer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-135">The default quota for the Recoverable Items Folder is 100 GB for Exchange Online Archiving users.</span></span> 
  
### <a name="in-place-ediscovery"></a><span data-ttu-id="6d78a-136">Compliance-eDiscovery</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-136">In-Place eDiscovery</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-137">Exchange Online Archiving supports In-Place eDiscovery for searching the contents of mailboxes in an organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-137">Exchange Online Archiving supports In-Place eDiscovery for searching the contents of mailboxes in an organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-138">Using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell from an on-premises Exchange 2013 server, administrators or authorized Discovery managers can search a variety of mailbox items - including email messages, attachments, calendar appointments, tasks, and contacts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-138">Using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell from an on-premises Exchange 2013 server, administrators or authorized Discovery managers can search a variety of mailbox items - including email messages, attachments, calendar appointments, tasks, and contacts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-139">In-Place eDiscovery can search simultaneously across primary mailboxes and archives.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-139">In-Place eDiscovery can search simultaneously across primary mailboxes and archives.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-140">Rich filtering capabilities include sender, receiver, message types, sent date, received date, carbon copy, and blind carbon copy, along with Keyword Query Language (KQL) syntax.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-140">Rich filtering capabilities include sender, receiver, message types, sent date, received date, carbon copy, and blind carbon copy, along with Keyword Query Language (KQL) syntax.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-141">For more details, see [In-Place eDiscovery](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314169).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-141">For more details, see [In-Place eDiscovery](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314169).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-142">The Exchange admin center and remote Windows PowerShell can be used to search up to 5,000 mailboxes at a time in an In-Place eDiscovery search.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-142">The Exchange admin center and remote Windows PowerShell can be used to search up to 5,000 mailboxes at a time in an In-Place eDiscovery search.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-143">For details about using remote Windows PowerShell to run In-Place eDiscovery searches, see [New-MailboxSearch](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314170).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-143">For details about using remote Windows PowerShell to run In-Place eDiscovery searches, see [New-MailboxSearch](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314170).</span></span> 
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-144">In remote Windows PowerShell, the  `Search-Mailbox` cmdlet can be used to search more than 5,000 mailboxes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-144">In remote Windows PowerShell, the  `Search-Mailbox` cmdlet can be used to search more than 5,000 mailboxes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-145">For details about searching large numbers of mailboxes using remote Windows PowerShell, see [Search-Mailbox](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314171).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-145">For details about searching large numbers of mailboxes using remote Windows PowerShell, see [Search-Mailbox](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314171).</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-146">Results of an In-Place eDiscovery search can be previewed in the Exchange admin center, exported to a .pst file, or copied to a special type of mailbox, called a discovery mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-146">Results of an In-Place eDiscovery search can be previewed in the Exchange admin center, exported to a .pst file, or copied to a special type of mailbox, called a discovery mailbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-147">Administrators or compliance officers can connect to the discovery mailbox to review messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-147">Administrators or compliance officers can connect to the discovery mailbox to review messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-148">For details, see [Create an In-Place eDiscovery Search](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314172).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-148">For details, see [Create an In-Place eDiscovery Search](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314172).</span></span>
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-149">When copying search results for an In-Place eDiscovery search performed across on-premises and cloud-based mailboxes or archives, you must select an on-premises discovery mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-149">When copying search results for an In-Place eDiscovery search performed across on-premises and cloud-based mailboxes or archives, you must select an on-premises discovery mailbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-150">Messages from the on-premises primary mailbox and the cloud-based archive are copied to the on-premises discovery mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-150">Messages from the on-premises primary mailbox and the cloud-based archive are copied to the on-premises discovery mailbox.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-151">Administrators can also search for and delete inappropriate email messages sent to multiple mailboxes across their organizations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-151">Administrators can also search for and delete inappropriate email messages sent to multiple mailboxes across their organizations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-152">For example, if confidential salary information was accidentally sent to all employees, an administrator can delete the email from the users' mailboxes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-152">For example, if confidential salary information was accidentally sent to all employees, an administrator can delete the email from the users' mailboxes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-153">This type of search is not available in the Exchange admin center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-153">This type of search is not available in the Exchange admin center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-154">It must be performed using Remote PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-154">It must be performed using Remote PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-155">For details on how to delete messages from users' mailboxes, see [Search and Delete Messages](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314173).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-155">For details on how to delete messages from users' mailboxes, see [Search and Delete Messages](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314173).</span></span>
  
## <a name="security-features-in-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="6d78a-156">Sicherheitsfunktionen der Exchange Online-Archivierung</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-156">Security features in Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-157">Im folgenden Abschnitt werden die Sicherheitsfunktionen von Microsoft Exchange Online-Archivierung beschrieben.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-157">The following sections describe the security features of Microsoft Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span>
  
### <a name="encryption-between-on-premises-servers-and-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="6d78a-158">Verschlüsselung zwischen lokalen Servern und Exchange Online-Archivierung</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-158">Encryption between on-premises servers and Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-159">TLS wird zum Verschlüsseln der Verbindung zwischen E-Mail-Servern verwendet, um Spoofing zu verhindern und die Vertraulichkeit von in der Übertragung befindlichen Nachrichten zu ermöglichen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-159">TLS is used to encrypt the connection between email servers to help prevent spoofing and provide confidentiality for messages in transit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-160">TLS wird auch verwendet, um den lokalen e-Mail-Server Datenverkehr für Exchange Online Archivierung an Microsoft-Rechenzentren zu sichern.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-160">TLS is also used for securing on-premises mail server traffic to Microsoft datacenters for Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span>
  
### <a name="encrypting-between-clients-and-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="6d78a-161">Verschlüsselung zwischen Clients und Exchange Online-Archivierung</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-161">Encrypting between clients and Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-162">Bei Clientverbindungen zu Exchange Online-Archivierung wird die Sicherheit anhand der folgenden Verschlüsselungsmethoden erhöht:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-162">Client connections to Exchange Online Archiving use the following encryption methods to enhance security:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-163">SSL wird zum Sichern von Outlook, Outlook im Internet und Exchange Webdienste-Datenverkehr mithilfe von TCP-Port 443 verwendet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-163">SSL is used for securing Outlook, Outlook on the web, and Exchange Web Services traffic, using TCP port 443.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-164">Clientverbindungen zu lokalen Servern ändern sich mit der Einführung von Exchange Online-Archivierung nicht.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-164">Client connections to on-premises servers do not change with the introduction of Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span>
    
### <a name="encryption-smime-and-pgp"></a><span data-ttu-id="6d78a-165">Verschlüsselung: S/MIME und PGP</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-165">Encryption: S/MIME and PGP</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-166">Exchange Online Archiving will store Secure/Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions (S/MIME) messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-166">Exchange Online Archiving will store Secure/Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions (S/MIME) messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-167">However, Exchange Online Archiving does not host S/MIME functions or host the public keys, nor does it provide key repository, key management, or key directory services because all of these services attach to the on-premises Exchange infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-167">However, Exchange Online Archiving does not host S/MIME functions or host the public keys, nor does it provide key repository, key management, or key directory services because all of these services attach to the on-premises Exchange infrastructure.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-168">In ähnlicher Weise speichert Exchange Online-Archivierung Nachrichten, die anhand von clientseitigen, Drittanbieter-Verschlüsselungslösungen wie Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) verschlüsselt wurden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-168">Similarly, Exchange Online Archiving will store messages that are encrypted using client-side, third-party encryption solutions such as Pretty Good Privacy (PGP).</span></span>
  
### <a name="information-rights-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="6d78a-169">Verwaltung von Informationsrechten</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-169">Information Rights Management</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-170">Exchange Online Archiving does not provide hosted Information Rights Management (IRM) services, but administrators can use on-premises Active Directory Rights Management Services (AD RMS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-170">Exchange Online Archiving does not provide hosted Information Rights Management (IRM) services, but administrators can use on-premises Active Directory Rights Management Services (AD RMS).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-171">If an AD RMS server is deployed, Outlook can communicate directly with that server, enabling users to compose and read IRM-protected messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-171">If an AD RMS server is deployed, Outlook can communicate directly with that server, enabling users to compose and read IRM-protected messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-172">If interoperability between the AD RMS server and the on-premises Exchange environment is configured, users will be able to compose and read IRM-protected messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-172">If interoperability between the AD RMS server and the on-premises Exchange environment is configured, users will be able to compose and read IRM-protected messages.</span></span>
  
#### <a name="support-for-irm-in-outlook-on-the-web"></a><span data-ttu-id="6d78a-173">Unterstützung für IRM in Outlook im Internet</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-173">Support for IRM in Outlook on the web</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-174">Benutzer können IRM-geschützte Nachrichten nativ in Outlook im Web lesen und erstellen, so wie Sie es in Outlook tun können.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-174">Users can read and create IRM-protected messages natively in Outlook on the web, just as they can in Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-175">Auf IRM-geschützte Nachrichten in Outlook im Internet kann über Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari und Chrome (ohne Plug-in erforderlich) zugegriffen werden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-175">IRM-protected messages in Outlook on the web can be accessed through Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, and Chrome (with no plug-in required).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-176">Die Nachrichten bieten die Volltextsuche, die Unterhaltungsansicht und das Vorschaufenster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-176">The messages include full-text search, conversation view, and the preview pane.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-177">Dafür muss die Interoperabilität zwischen dem AD RMS(Active Directory Rights Management Services)-Server und der lokalen Exchange-Umgebung konfiguriert werden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-177">Interoperability between the Active Directory Rights Management Services server and the on-premises Exchange environment must be configured to enable this.</span></span>
  
#### <a name="irm-search"></a><span data-ttu-id="6d78a-178">IRM-Suche</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-178">IRM search</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-179">IRM-geschützte Nachrichten sind indiziert und durchsuchbar, einschließlich Kopfzeilen, Betreff, Text und Anlagen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-179">IRM-protected messages are indexed and searchable, including headers, subject, body, and attachments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-180">Benutzer können IRM-geschützte Elemente in Outlook und Outlook im Internet durchsuchen, und Administratoren können IRM-geschützte Elemente mithilfe von in-Place eDiscovery oder mit dem Cmdlet **Search-Mailbox** durchsuchen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-180">Users can search IRM-protected items in Outlook and Outlook on the web, and administrators can search IRM-protected items by using In-Place eDiscovery or the **Search-Mailbox** cmdlet.</span></span>
  
### <a name="auditing"></a><span data-ttu-id="6d78a-181">Überwachung</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-181">Auditing</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-182">Exchange Online-Archivierung bietet zwei Arten von integrierten Überwachungsfunktionen:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-182">Exchange Online Archiving provides two types of built-in auditing capabilities:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-183">**Administrator-Überwachungsprotokollierung** Die Administrator-Überwachungsprotokollierung ermöglicht Kunden das Nachverfolgen von Änderungen durch Administratoren in der Exchange Online-Archivierung-Umgebung, darunter Änderungen an der rollenbasierten Zugriffssteuerung oder an Exchange-Richtlinien und -Einstellungen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-183">**Administrator audit logging** Administrator audit logging allows customers to track changes made by their administrators in the Exchange Online Archiving environment, including changes to RBAC roles or Exchange policies and settings.</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-184">**Postfachüberwachungsprotokollierung** Die Postfachüberwachungsprotokollierung ermöglicht Kunden das Nachverfolgen des Postfachzugriffs durch Benutzer, die nicht mit dem Postfachbesitzer identisch sind.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-184">**Mailbox audit logging** Mailbox audit logging allows customers to track access to mailboxes by users other than the mailbox owner.</span></span> 
    
<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-185">Several predefined audit reports are available in the Exchange admin center, including Administrator Role Changes, Litigation Hold, and Non-Owner Mailbox Access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-185">Several predefined audit reports are available in the Exchange admin center, including Administrator Role Changes, Litigation Hold, and Non-Owner Mailbox Access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-186">Administrators can filter reports by date and role, and they can export all audit events for specified mailboxes in XML format for long-term retention or custom reporting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-186">Administrators can filter reports by date and role, and they can export all audit events for specified mailboxes in XML format for long-term retention or custom reporting.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-187">Administrator audit logging is on by default, and mailbox audit logging is off by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-187">Administrator audit logging is on by default, and mailbox audit logging is off by default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-188">Administrators can use remote Windows PowerShell to enable mailbox audit logging for some or all mailboxes in their organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-188">Administrators can use remote Windows PowerShell to enable mailbox audit logging for some or all mailboxes in their organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6d78a-189">For more information, see [Auditing Reports](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314175).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-189">For more information, see [Auditing Reports](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314175).</span></span>
  
## <a name="feature-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="6d78a-190">Verfügbarkeit von Funktionen</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-190">Feature availability</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6d78a-191">Informationen zum Anzeigen der Verfügbarkeit von Features in Plänen, eigenständigen Optionen und lokalen Lösungen finden Sie unter [Exchange Online Archivierungsdienst Beschreibung](exchange-online-archiving-service-description.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6d78a-191">To view feature availability across plans, standalone options, and on-premise solutions, see [Exchange Online Archiving service description](exchange-online-archiving-service-description.md).</span></span>
  

