---
title: Empfänger
ms.author: office365servicedesc
author: pamelaar
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords:
- exchange-online-recipients
ms.service: o365-administration
localization_priority: Normal
ms.custom: Adm_ServiceDesc
ms.assetid: da22b03a-c981-49c6-9928-4312c2c5e2ee
description: In diesem Thema werden die empfängerbezogenen Features von Microsoft Exchange Online beschrieben. Dazu gehören E-Mail, Kontakte, Verteilergruppen sowie Kalender- und Terminplanungsfunktionen.
ms.openlocfilehash: a2d1f37bf4f86399522573d18177f6c397fd761c
ms.sourcegitcommit: d2cd67e52dd646b68bfbfd8a387e70a6da140a62
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: de-DE
ms.lasthandoff: 07/14/2020
ms.locfileid: "45132639"
---
# <a name="recipients"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-104">Empfänger</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-104">Recipients</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-105">This topic describes recipient-related features included with Microsoft Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-105">This topic describes recipient-related features included with Microsoft Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-106">This includes email, contacts, distribution groups, and calendar and scheduling capabilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-106">This includes email, contacts, distribution groups, and calendar and scheduling capabilities.</span></span>
  
## <a name="email"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-107">E-Mails</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-107">Email</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-108">Every Microsoft Exchange Online subscriber receives a mailbox, and specialty mailboxes are available for scheduling facilities resources (such as conference rooms) and for multiuser access to shared email addresses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-108">Every Microsoft Exchange Online subscriber receives a mailbox, and specialty mailboxes are available for scheduling facilities resources (such as conference rooms) and for multiuser access to shared email addresses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-109">Maximum storage limits apply to most mailboxes, and administrators can control allowable mailbox sizes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-109">Maximum storage limits apply to most mailboxes, and administrators can control allowable mailbox sizes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-110">Automated notifications and restrictions can alert users when their mailboxes are nearing, or at, capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-110">Automated notifications and restrictions can alert users when their mailboxes are nearing, or at, capacity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-111">Exchange Online also has several types of message limitations—message size, message rate, and recipient list limits.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-111">Exchange Online also has several types of message limitations—message size, message rate, and recipient list limits.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-112">Details of all these features and limits are provided below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-112">Details of all these features and limits are provided below.</span></span>
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-113">Catch-All-Adressen werden in Exchange Online nicht mehr unterstützt.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-113">Catch-all addresses are no longer supported in Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-114">Da die Empfängerfilterung vor potenziellen Spamnachrichten geschützt ist, werden e-Mail-Adressen, die nicht in Ihrer Organisation vorhanden sind, abgelehnt.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-114">Due to recipient filtering in place to protect against potential spam messages, email addresses that do not exist in your organization will be rejected.</span></span> 
  
### <a name="mailbox-types-storage-limits-and-capacity-alerts"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-115">Mailbox-Typen, Speicherbegrenzungen und Kapazitätswarnungen</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-115">Mailbox types, storage limits, and capacity alerts</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-116">The amount of mailbox storage available to a user and the default mailbox size are determined by the mailbox type and the user's subscription license.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-116">The amount of mailbox storage available to a user and the default mailbox size are determined by the mailbox type and the user's subscription license.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-117">Administrators can reduce maximum mailbox sizes per user or globally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-117">Administrators can reduce maximum mailbox sizes per user or globally.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-118">Exchange Online also provides notifications when a user's mailbox is nearing, or at, capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-118">Exchange Online also provides notifications when a user's mailbox is nearing, or at, capacity.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="270b1-119">Weitere Informationen finden Sie in den Abschnitten "Speichergrenzwerte für Postfächer" und "Kapazitäts Warnungen" im Thema [Exchange Online Limits](exchange-online-limits.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-119">For more information, see the "Mailbox storage limits" and "Capacity alerts" sections in the topic, [Exchange Online limits](exchange-online-limits.md).</span></span>
  
### <a name="mailtips"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-120">MailTips</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-120">MailTips</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-121">MailTips are automated, informative messages that appear above the To: line while users are composing or addressing a message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-121">MailTips are automated, informative messages that appear above the To: line while users are composing or addressing a message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-122">They are designed to help prevent accidental delivery, policy violations, or unnecessary non-delivery reports (NDRs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-122">They are designed to help prevent accidental delivery, policy violations, or unnecessary non-delivery reports (NDRs).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-123">For example, MailTips can generate an alert if senders try to send messages to overly large groups, to groups that contain external recipients, or to a distribution group that is moderated or restricted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-123">For example, MailTips can generate an alert if senders try to send messages to overly large groups, to groups that contain external recipients, or to a distribution group that is moderated or restricted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-124">For more information, see [MailTips](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=401472).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-124">For more information, see [MailTips](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=401472).</span></span>
  
### <a name="delegate-access"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-125">Stellvertretungszugriff</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-125">Delegate access</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-126">Exchange Online unterstützt Stellvertretungszugriff – die Möglichkeit für Benutzer, anderen Benutzern das Verwalten von e-Mails und Kalendern zu ermöglichen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-126">Exchange Online supports delegate access—the ability for users to allow others to manage their email and calendars.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-127">Stellvertretungszugriff wird häufig zwischen einem Manager und einem Assistenten verwendet, wobei der Assistent die eingehenden e-Mail-Nachrichten des Managers verarbeitet und den Zeitplan des Vorgesetzten koordiniert.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-127">Delegate access is commonly used between a manager and an assistant, where the assistant processes the manager's incoming email messages and coordinates the manager's schedule.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-128">Stellvertretungszugriff kann durch Exchange Online von Benutzern in Outlook oder Outlook im Internet oder von Administratoren im Exchange Admin Center aktiviert werden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-128">Delegate access can be enabled by Exchange Online users in Outlook or Outlook on the web, or by administrators in the Exchange Admin Center.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="270b1-129">Stellvertreter können zwei Arten von Zugriff haben:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-129">Delegates can have two types of access:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="270b1-130">**Berechtigung "Senden im Auftrag von"** Der Stellvertreter kann E-Mail-Nachrichten verfassen und den Namen der anderen Person in das Feld "Von" eingeben, wo er als "[Name des Stellvertreters] im Auftrag von [Name der Person]" angezeigt wird.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-130">**Send on Behalf permissions** The delegate can compose email messages and enter the other person's name in the From field, where it will be displayed as "[delegate name] on behalf of [person's name]."</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="270b1-131">**Send As permissions** The delegate can send messages from the other person's mailbox as if the delegate were the mailbox owner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-131">**Send As permissions** The delegate can send messages from the other person's mailbox as if the delegate were the mailbox owner.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-132">This scenario is common where there is a shared mailbox and several employees send email messages from that shared mailbox instead of from their Exchange Online accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-132">This scenario is common where there is a shared mailbox and several employees send email messages from that shared mailbox instead of from their Exchange Online accounts.</span></span> 
    
<span data-ttu-id="270b1-133">Weitere Informationen zu Zugriffsrechten finden Sie unter [Verwalten von Berechtigungen für Empfänger](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj919240%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-133">For more information about delegating access, see [Manage Permissions for Recipients](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj919240%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span></span>
  
### <a name="inbox-rules"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-134">Posteingangsregeln</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-134">Inbox rules</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-135">Exchange Online ermöglicht es Benutzern, Posteingangsregeln zu erstellen, die automatisch spezifische, kriteriumsbasierte Aktionen beim Eingang von Nachrichten ausführen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-135">Exchange Online allows users to create inbox rules that automatically perform specific, criteria-based actions on messages as they arrive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-136">Sie können beispielsweise eine Regel erstellen, um automatisch alle E-Mails in einen bestimmten Ordner zu verschieben, wenn die Mail an eine bestimmte Verteilergruppe gesendet wurde.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-136">For example, they can create a rule to automatically move all mail to a specific folder if the mail was sent to a certain distribution group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-137">Benutzer verwalten Posteingangsregeln in Outlook oder Outlook im Internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-137">Users manage inbox rules from Outlook or Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-138">Administratoren können bestimmte Typen von Posteingangsregeln blockieren, indem sie die serverseitige Weiterleitung und/oder serverseitige automatische Antworten deaktivieren.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-138">Administrators can block certain types of inbox rules by disabling server-side forwarding and/or server-side automatic replies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-139">Wenn beispielsweise die serverseitige E-Mail-Weiterleitung deaktiviert ist, kann dies die Benutzer daran hindern, automatisch E-Mails an persönliche Konten weiterzuleiten.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-139">For example, disabling server-side email forwarding can prevent users from automatically forwarding email to personal accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-140">Gleichermaßen gilt, dass, wenn die serverseitigen automatischen Antworten deaktiviert sind, dies verhindern kann, dass außenstehende Parteien diese Antworten dazu nutzen, um gültige E-Mail-Adresse zu identifizieren.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-140">Similarly, disabling server-side automatic replies can prevent outside parties from using these replies to identify valid email addresses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-141">Diese Änderungen werden über die remote Windows PowerShell vorgenommen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-141">These changes are made through remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
  
### <a name="clutter"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-142">Unwichtige Elemente</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-142">Clutter</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-143">Clutter is designed to help you focus on the most important messages in your inbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-143">Clutter is designed to help you focus on the most important messages in your inbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-144">It uses machine learning to de-clutter your inbox by moving lower priority messages out of your way and into a new Clutter folder.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-144">It uses machine learning to de-clutter your inbox by moving lower priority messages out of your way and into a new Clutter folder.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-145">Clutter respects your existing email rules, so if you have created rules to organize your email those rules continue to be applied and Clutter won't act on those messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-145">Clutter respects your existing email rules, so if you have created rules to organize your email those rules continue to be applied and Clutter won't act on those messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-146">Clutter is disabled by default for your inbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-146">Clutter is disabled by default for your inbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-147">To learn more, see [De-clutter your inbox in Office 365](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/blog/2014/11/11/de-clutter-inbox-office-365/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-147">To learn more, see [De-clutter your inbox in Office 365](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/blog/2014/11/11/de-clutter-inbox-office-365/).</span></span>
  
### <a name="connected-accounts"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-148">Verbundene Konten</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-148">Connected accounts</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-149">Mit dem Feature verbundene Konten können Exchange Online Benutzer externe e-Mail-Konten (beispielsweise persönliche Konten) mit ihren internen e-Mail-Konten in Exchange Online verbinden und dann Outlook im Internet verwenden, um mit allen ihren Nachrichten an einer Stelle zu interagieren.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-149">The Connected Accounts feature lets Exchange Online users connect external email accounts (such as personal accounts) to their internal email accounts in Exchange Online, and then use Outlook on the web to interact with all their messages in one place.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-150">Verbundene Konten werden bei der Anmeldung bei Outlook im Internet automatisch synchronisiert; Benutzer können die Konten auch manuell aus Outlook im Internet synchronisieren.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-150">Connected Accounts automatically synchronize upon sign-in to Outlook on the web; users can also manually synchronize the accounts from Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-151">Administratoren können dieses Feature für bestimmte Benutzer oder alle Benutzer über das [Exchange Admin Center](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=785297&amp;clcid=0x409)aktivieren und deaktivieren.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-151">Administrators can enable and disable this feature for specific users or all users through the [Exchange admin center](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=785297&amp;clcid=0x409).</span></span>
  
### <a name="inactive-mailboxes"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-152">Inaktive Postfächer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-152">Inactive mailboxes</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-153">Exchange Online provides the capability to preserve the contents of deleted mailboxes indefinitely.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-153">Exchange Online provides the capability to preserve the contents of deleted mailboxes indefinitely.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-154">This feature is called inactive mailboxes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-154">This feature is called inactive mailboxes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-155">A mailbox becomes inactive when an In-Place Hold or a Litigation Hold is placed on the mailbox before it's deleted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-155">A mailbox becomes inactive when an In-Place Hold or a Litigation Hold is placed on the mailbox before it's deleted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-156">This results in the contents of the mailbox being preserved indefinitely.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-156">This results in the contents of the mailbox being preserved indefinitely.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-157">Administrators, compliance officers, or record managers can use the In-Place eDiscovery feature in Exchange Online to access the contents of an inactive mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-157">Administrators, compliance officers, or record managers can use the In-Place eDiscovery feature in Exchange Online to access the contents of an inactive mailbox.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="270b1-158">Damit ein inaktives Postfach aktiviert werden kann, muss dem Postfach eine Exchange Online-Lizenz (Plan 2) zugewiesen werden, oder es muss ein Abonnement für die Exchange Online-Archivierung vorhanden sein, sodass das Postfach in einem Compliance-Archiv platziert oder ein Beweissicherungsverfahren für das Postfach aktiviert werden kann, bevor es gelöscht wird.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-158">Enabling an inactive mailbox requires that the mailbox is assigned an Exchange Online (Plan 2) license or has an Exchange Online Archiving subscription so that an In-Place Hold or a Litigation Hold can be placed on the mailbox before it's deleted.</span></span>
  
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-159">If a hold isn't placed on a mailbox before it's deleted, the contents of the mailbox will not be preserved or discoverable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-159">If a hold isn't placed on a mailbox before it's deleted, the contents of the mailbox will not be preserved or discoverable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-160">The mailbox can be recovered within 30 days of deletion, but the mailbox and its contents will be permanently deleted after 30 days if it isn't recovered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-160">The mailbox can be recovered within 30 days of deletion, but the mailbox and its contents will be permanently deleted after 30 days if it isn't recovered.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="270b1-161">Weitere Informationen finden Sie unter:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-161">For more information, see:</span></span>
  
- [<span data-ttu-id="270b1-162">Verwalten inaktiver Postfächer in Exchange Online</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-162">Manage inactive mailboxes in Exchange Online</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=286991)
    
- [<span data-ttu-id="270b1-163">In-Situ-Speicher und Beweissicherungsverfahren</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-163">In-Place Hold and Litigation Hold</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271746)
    
- [<span data-ttu-id="270b1-164">Compliance-eDiscovery</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-164">In-Place eDiscovery</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271747)
    
## <a name="contacts-and-distribution-groups"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-165">Kontakte und Verteilergruppen</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-165">Contacts and distribution groups</span></span>

### <a name="offline-address-book"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-166">Offlineadressbuch</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-166">Offline address book</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-167">Das Offlineadressbuch-Feature stellt eine Momentaufnahme der Active Directory Informationen bereit, die in der globalen Outlook-Adressliste (GAL) verfügbar sind.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-167">The offline address book feature provides a snapshot of the Active Directory information available in the Outlook Global Address List (GAL).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-168">Sie werden lokal in Outlook zwischengespeichert, um sie bei der Offlinearbeit verfügbar zu machen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-168">It is cached locally in Outlook to make it available when a user is working offline.</span></span>
  
### <a name="address-book-policies"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-169">Adressbuchrichtlinien</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-169">Address book policies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-170">Exchange Online unterstützt adressbuchrichtlinien.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-170">Exchange Online supports address book policies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-171">Adressbuchrichtlinien ermöglichen Ihnen die Einteilung von Benutzern in bestimmte Gruppen, um benutzerdefinierte Ansichten der globalen Adressliste Ihrer Organisation bereitzustellen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-171">Address book policies (ABPs) allow you to segment users into specific groups to provide customized views of your organization's global address list (GAL).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-172">Bei der Erstellung einer ABP weisen Sie der Richtlinie eine globale Adressliste (GAL), ein Offlineadressbuch (OAB), eine Raumliste und eine oder mehrere Adresslisten zu.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-172">When creating an ABP, you assign a GAL, an offline address book (OAB), a room list, and one or more address lists to the policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-173">Anschließend können Sie die adressbuchrichtlinie Postfachbenutzern zuweisen und Ihnen Zugriff auf eine benutzerdefinierte GAL in Outlook und Outlook im Internet gewähren.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-173">You can then assign the ABP to mailbox users, providing them with access to a customized GAL in Outlook and Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-174">Administratoren können über Windows PowerShell-Remotesitzungen Adressbuchrichtlinien konfigurieren.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-174">Administrators can configure address book policies by using remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-175">Weitere Informationen zu Adressbuchrichtlinien finden Sie unter [Adressbücher in Exchange Online](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=394203).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-175">To learn more about Address Book Policies, see [Address Books in Exchange Online](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=394203).</span></span>
  
### <a name="address-lists"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-176">Adresslisten</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-176">Address lists</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-177">Exchange Online unterstützt die Anpassung von Adresslisten und GALs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-177">Exchange Online supports the customization of address lists and GALs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-178">Eine GAL ist ein organisationsweites Verzeichnis aller e-Mail-aktivierten Benutzer, Verteilergruppen und externen Kontakte.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-178">A GAL is an organization-wide directory of all mail-enabled users, distribution groups, and external contacts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-179">Administratoren können Benutzer, Verteilergruppen und Kontakte aus der globalen Adressliste ausblenden, indem Sie das Verzeichnissynchronisierungstool oder Remote Windows PowerShell verwenden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-179">Administrators can hide users, distribution groups, and contacts from the GAL by using the Directory Synchronization tool or remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
  
### <a name="hierarchical-address-books"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-180">Hierarchische Adressbücher</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-180">Hierarchical address books</span></span>

 <span data-ttu-id="270b1-181">Hierarchical address books allow end users to browse for recipients in their Exchange organization using an organizational hierarchy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-181">Hierarchical address books allow end users to browse for recipients in their Exchange organization using an organizational hierarchy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-182">Administrators can customize the address book by seniority and rank rather than alphabetical listings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-182">Administrators can customize the address book by seniority and rank rather than alphabetical listings.</span></span> 
  
### <a name="distribution-groups-global"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-183">Verteilergruppen (global)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-183">Distribution groups (global)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-184">Eine Verteilergruppe (oder Verteilerliste) ist eine Sammlung von Benutzern, Kontakten und anderen Verteilergruppen, die allen Benutzern in einem Unternehmen zur Verfügung steht.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-184">A distribution group (or distribution list) is a collection of users, contacts, and other distribution groups that are available to all users in a company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-185">Benutzer richten eine E-Mail an ein Verteilergruppen-Alias, um Nachrichten an alle Personen in der Gruppe zu senden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-185">Users address email to a distribution group alias to send messages to all people in the group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-186">Verteilergruppen ähneln persönlichen Verteilergruppen, die einzelne Benutzer in Outlook erstellen, allerdings sind ihre Mitgliederlisten global für das Unternehmen verfügbar.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-186">Distribution groups are similar to personal distribution groups that individuals create in Outlook, only their member lists are globally available to the company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-187">Administratoren erstellen Verteilergruppen in der Exchange-Verwaltungskonsole.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-187">Administrators create distribution groups in the Exchange admin center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-188">Die Gruppen können auch aus dem lokalen Active Directory mit Exchange Online synchronisiert werden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-188">The groups can also be synchronized with Exchange Online from on-premises Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-189">Sie werden in der GAL in Outlook angezeigt.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-189">They appear in the GAL in Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-190">Exchange Online unterstützt erweiterte Verteilergruppenfunktionen, darunter auch die nachfolgend beschriebenen:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-190">Exchange Online supports advanced distribution group capabilities, including these described below:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="270b1-191">**Restricted distribution groups** By default, anyone can send emails to any distribution group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-191">**Restricted distribution groups** By default, anyone can send emails to any distribution group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-192">Administrators can change permissions to allow only specific individuals to send emails to a particular group—for example, to discourage inappropriate use of large distribution lists.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-192">Administrators can change permissions to allow only specific individuals to send emails to a particular group—for example, to discourage inappropriate use of large distribution lists.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-193">Administrators can also block external sources from sending email to distribution groups to help prevent spam.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-193">Administrators can also block external sources from sending email to distribution groups to help prevent spam.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-194">For distribution groups that are synchronized from on-premises Active Directory using the Directory Synchronization tool, the attributes for restriction are synchronized to the cloud automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-194">For distribution groups that are synchronized from on-premises Active Directory using the Directory Synchronization tool, the attributes for restriction are synchronized to the cloud automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-195">For more information, see [Manage Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt577270%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-195">For more information, see [Manage Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt577270%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="270b1-196">**Dynamic distribution groups** The membership list for a dynamic distribution group (also known as a dynamic distribution list, or query-based distribution list) is calculated every time a message is sent to the group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-196">**Dynamic distribution groups** The membership list for a dynamic distribution group (also known as a dynamic distribution list, or query-based distribution list) is calculated every time a message is sent to the group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-197">This calculation is based on filters and conditions that the administrator defines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-197">This calculation is based on filters and conditions that the administrator defines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-198">They are managed in Exchange Online through remote Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-198">They are managed in Exchange Online through remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-199">For more information about dynamic distribution groups, see [Manage Dynamic Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/bb123722%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-199">For more information about dynamic distribution groups, see [Manage Dynamic Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/bb123722%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span></span>
    
    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > <span data-ttu-id="270b1-200">The Office 365 Directory Synchronization tool ignores dynamic distribution groups in on-premises Active Directory, and does not synchronize these to Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-200">The Office 365 Directory Synchronization tool ignores dynamic distribution groups in on-premises Active Directory, and does not synchronize these to Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-201">Organizations that use the Directory Synchronization tool should use a naming convention that avoids conflicts between the regular distribution groups that are managed on-premises and the dynamic distribution groups that are managed in Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-201">Organizations that use the Directory Synchronization tool should use a naming convention that avoids conflicts between the regular distribution groups that are managed on-premises and the dynamic distribution groups that are managed in Exchange Online.</span></span> 
  
- <span data-ttu-id="270b1-202">**Moderated distribution groups** Administrators can select a moderator to regulate the flow of messages to a distribution group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-202">**Moderated distribution groups** Administrators can select a moderator to regulate the flow of messages to a distribution group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-203">With moderated distribution groups, anyone can email the distribution group alias, but before the message is delivered to the members of the group, a moderator must review and approve it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-203">With moderated distribution groups, anyone can email the distribution group alias, but before the message is delivered to the members of the group, a moderator must review and approve it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-204">For more information about moderation, see the Message Approval section in [Manage Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt577270%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-204">For more information about moderation, see the Message Approval section in [Manage Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt577270%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="270b1-205">**Self-Service distribution groups** Administrators can give users the ability to manage their own distribution group membership from a web-based interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-205">**Self-Service distribution groups** Administrators can give users the ability to manage their own distribution group membership from a web-based interface.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-206">Users can be given permissions to create, delete, join, or leave distribution groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-206">Users can be given permissions to create, delete, join, or leave distribution groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-207">These capabilities are enabled by default for all Exchange Online users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-207">These capabilities are enabled by default for all Exchange Online users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-208">Administrators can disable them so that only the IT department can manage distribution groups, if desired.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-208">Administrators can disable them so that only the IT department can manage distribution groups, if desired.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-209">They can also create naming policies to standardize and manage the names of distribution groups that their users create.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-209">They can also create naming policies to standardize and manage the names of distribution groups that their users create.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-210">For example, they can add a specific prefix or suffix to the distribution group name when it is created, or block specific words from being used in the group's name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-210">For example, they can add a specific prefix or suffix to the distribution group name when it is created, or block specific words from being used in the group's name.</span></span> 
    
    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > <span data-ttu-id="270b1-211">Self-service capabilities are not available for distribution groups that are synchronized from on-premises Active Directory to Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-211">Self-service capabilities are not available for distribution groups that are synchronized from on-premises Active Directory to Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-212">Organizations that use Directory Synchronization should use a naming convention that avoids conflicts between distribution groups that are managed on-premises and distribution groups that are managed in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-212">Organizations that use Directory Synchronization should use a naming convention that avoids conflicts between distribution groups that are managed on-premises and distribution groups that are managed in the cloud.</span></span> 
  
### <a name="external-contacts-global"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-213">Externe Kontakte (global)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-213">External contacts (global)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-214">Ein externer Kontakt ist ein Datensatz mit Informationen zu einer Person, die außerhalb einer bestimmten Organisation arbeitet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-214">An external contact is a record with information about a person who works outside of a specified organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-215">Externe Kontakte ähneln persönlichen Kontakten, die einzelne Benutzer in Outlook erstellen, allerdings sind sie global für das Unternehmen verfügbar.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-215">External contacts are similar to personal contacts that individuals create in Outlook, only they are globally available to the company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-216">Administratoren können externe Kontakte mit der Exchange-Verwaltungskonsole oder über Windows PowerShell-Remotesitzungen erstellen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-216">Administrators create external contacts using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-217">Diese Kontakte können auch aus dem lokalen Active Directory mit Exchange Online synchronisiert werden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-217">These contacts can also be synchronized with Exchange Online from on-premises Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-218">Sie werden in der GAL in Outlook angezeigt.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-218">They appear in the GAL in Outlook.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="270b1-219">Weitere Informationen zu externen Kontakten finden Sie unter [Erstellen einer Organisationsbeziehung in Exchange Online](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj916671%28v=exchg.150%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-219">For more information about external contacts, see [Create an organization relationship in Exchange Online](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj916671%28v=exchg.150%29.aspx).</span></span>
  
## <a name="calendar-and-scheduling"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-220">Kalender und Terminplanung</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-220">Calendar and scheduling</span></span>

### <a name="resource-mailboxes"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-221">Ressourcenpostfächer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-221">Resource mailboxes</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-222">Ressourcenpostfächer (beispielsweise für Konferenzräume und physische Geräte) stellen die Besprechungsräume eines Unternehmens oder andere Einrichtungen oder Ressourcen dar.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-222">Resource mailboxes (such as for conference rooms and physical equipment) represent a company's meeting rooms or other facilities or resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-223">Benutzer können Räume oder Ressourcen reservieren, indem Sie den e-Mail-Alias der Ressource zu Besprechungsanfragen in Outlook oder Outlook im Internet hinzufügen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-223">Users can reserve rooms or resources by adding the resource's email alias to meeting requests in Outlook or Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-224">Konferenzräume und Ressourcen werden in der globalen Adressliste in Outlook und Outlook im Internet angezeigt.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-224">Conference rooms and resources appear in the GAL in Outlook and Outlook on the web.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="270b1-225">Administrators create resource mailboxes using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-225">Administrators create resource mailboxes using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-226">The mailboxes can also be synchronized with Exchange Online from on-premises Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-226">The mailboxes can also be synchronized with Exchange Online from on-premises Active Directory.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="270b1-227">Weitere Informationen zu Ressourcenpostfächern finden Sie unter:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-227">For more information about resource mailboxes, see:</span></span>
  
- [<span data-ttu-id="270b1-228">Erstellen und Verwalten von Raumpostfächern</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-228">Create and manage room mailboxes</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=717533&amp;clcid=0x409)
    
- [<span data-ttu-id="270b1-229">Verwalten von Gerätepostfächern</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-229">Manage equipment mailboxes</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=717534)
    
### <a name="conference-room-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-230">Konferenzraumverwaltung</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-230">Conference room management</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-231">Exchange Online includes the Resource Booking Attendant (RBA), which automates scheduling of conference rooms and other resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-231">Exchange Online includes the Resource Booking Attendant (RBA), which automates scheduling of conference rooms and other resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-232">A resource mailbox that is RBA-configured accepts, declines, or acknowledges meeting requests from a meeting organizer based on the resource's calendar availability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-232">A resource mailbox that is RBA-configured accepts, declines, or acknowledges meeting requests from a meeting organizer based on the resource's calendar availability.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="270b1-233">Administratoren können automatisierte Konferenzraum Antworten anpassen und Buchungsrichtlinien in Outlook im Internet konfigurieren.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-233">Administrators can customize automated conference room responses and configure booking policies in Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-234">Diese Richtlinien beinhalten, wer die Ressource planen kann, wann sie eingeplant werden kann, welche Besprechungsinformationen im Kalender der Ressource angezeigt werden sowie den Prozentsatz der zulässigen Planungskonflikte.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-234">These policies include who can schedule the resource, when it can be scheduled, what meeting information is visible on the resource's calendar, and the percentage of scheduling conflicts allowed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-235">Administratoren können die Ressourcenbuchungsautomatik deaktivieren und bestimmte Benutzer zuweisen, um die Besprechungsanfragen für Konferenzräume manuell zu verwalten.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-235">Administrators can disable the Resource Booking Attendant and assign specific users to manually manage meeting requests for conference rooms.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="270b1-236">Administratoren müssen die RBA-Einstellungen über die remote Windows-PowerShell definieren und verwalten.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-236">Administrators must define and manage RBA settings through remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
  
### <a name="out-of-office-replies"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-237">Abwesenheitsantworten</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-237">Out-of-office replies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-238">Out-of-office messages are automatic replies to incoming messages that Exchange Online sends on behalf of a user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-238">Out-of-office messages are automatic replies to incoming messages that Exchange Online sends on behalf of a user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-239">Users can schedule out-of-office messages in advance, with specific start and end times, and can configure separate out-of-office messages for internal and external recipients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-239">Users can schedule out-of-office messages in advance, with specific start and end times, and can configure separate out-of-office messages for internal and external recipients.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-240">They can also set out-of-office messages from mobile devices that support this Exchange ActiveSync feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-240">They can also set out-of-office messages from mobile devices that support this Exchange ActiveSync feature.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-241">Junk-email and mailing-list awareness within Exchange Online prevents users from sending external out-of-office messages to extended mailing lists and potential spammers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-241">Junk-email and mailing-list awareness within Exchange Online prevents users from sending external out-of-office messages to extended mailing lists and potential spammers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-242">Administrators can also prevent users from sending out-of-office messages to external users using remote Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-242">Administrators can also prevent users from sending out-of-office messages to external users using remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
  
### <a name="calendar-sharing"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-243">Kalenderfreigabe</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-243">Calendar sharing</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-244">Benutzer können ihre persönlichen Kalender auf zwei Arten freigeben:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-244">Users can share their personal calendar in one of two ways:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="270b1-245">**Verbundfreigabe für Kalender** Verbund bezieht sich auf die zugrunde liegende Vertrauensstellungsinfrastruktur, die die Verbundfreigabe unterstützt, eine einfache Methode für Exchange-Benutzer, die Frei/Gebucht-Daten im Kalender und Kontaktinformationen für Empfänger in anderen externen Verbundorganisationen freigeben möchten.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-245">**Federated calendar sharing** Federation refers to the underlying trust infrastructure that supports federated sharing, an easy method for Exchange users to share free/busy calendar data and contact information with recipients in other external federated organizations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-246">Dazu gehören Exchange Online-Organisationen oder Organisationen, die Exchange Server 2010 oder Exchange Server 2013 lokal ausführen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-246">These include Exchange Online organizations or organizations running Exchange Server 2010 or Exchange Server 2013 on-premises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-247">Exchange Online Administratoren müssen keine Vertrauensstellung mit dem Microsoft Federation Gateway einrichten, da diese Vertrauensstellung für alle Exchange Online-Kunden vorkonfiguriert ist, wenn der Microsoft-Dienst erstellt wird.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-247">Exchange Online administrators do not need to set up a trust with the Microsoft Federation Gateway because this trust is pre-configured for all Exchange Online customers when the Microsoft service is created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-248">Eine Standardfreigaberichtlinie ermöglicht Benutzern das Senden von Einladungen zur Kalenderfreigabe aus Outlook im Internet oder Outlook 2010.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-248">A default sharing policy allows users to send calendar-sharing invitations from Outlook on the web or Outlook 2010.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-249">Administratoren verwenden die remote Windows PowerShell, um diese Richtlinie zu deaktivieren oder um den Umfang an Frei/Gebucht-Daten im Kalender zu konfigurieren, die Benutzer freigeben können.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-249">Administrators use remote Windows PowerShell to disable this policy or to configure the level of free/busy calendar data that users can share.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-250">Administratoren können auch eine Beziehung von einer Organisation zu einer anderen mit einer anderen Verbundorganisation erstellen, sodass der gewünschte Umfang an Frei/Gebucht-Informationen für alle Benutzer organisationsübergreifend sichtbar ist, ohne dass einzelne Benutzer eine Freigabeeinladung senden müssen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-250">Administrators can also create an organization-to-organization relationship with another federated org, which allows the desired level of free/busy information for every user to be visible cross-organization without the need for individual users to make a sharing invitation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-251">Innerhalb der vom Administrator definierten Freigaberichtlinien und/oder Organisation-zu-Organisation-Beziehungen können Benutzer den Umfang ihrer Freigabe weiter gezielt einschränken.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-251">Within the scope of administrator-defined Sharing Policies and/or organization-organization relationships, users can individually limit the detail of their sharing further.</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="270b1-252">**Kalenderfreigabe im Internet** Exchange Online ermöglicht es den Benutzern, ihre Kalender im iCal-Format für einen anonymen Zugriff von Benutzern innerhalb oder außerhalb der Organisation zu veröffentlichen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-252">**Internet calendar sharing** Exchange Online allows users to publish their calendars using the iCal format for anonymous access by anyone inside or outside the organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-253">Empfänger können Exchange, eine andere Plattform oder einfach einen Webbrowser verwenden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-253">Recipients can be using Exchange, another platform, or simply a web browser.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-254">Exchange Online Benutzer können auch Kalender abonnieren, die andere über iCal an Internetstandorten veröffentlicht haben.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-254">Exchange Online users can also subscribe to calendars that others have published to internet locations through iCal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-255">Diese Freigabe von persönlichen Kalendern unterscheidet sich von der Verbundfreigabe für Kalender, die von einem Administrator eingerichtet wird und die die Freigabe von Frei/Gebucht-Informationen zwischen Organisationen ermöglicht.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-255">This personal calendar sharing is different than federated calendar sharing, which is configured by an administrator and provides organization-to-organization free/busy sharing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-256">Kein Benutzer kann Kalenderdaten im iCal-Format veröffentlichen, bis der Administrator eine Freigaberichtlinie festgelegt und angewendet hat, die dies zulässt.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-256">No user can publish calendar data in iCal format until the administrator has set and applied a sharing policy that allows it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-257">Administratoren können die iCal-Veröffentlichung und iCal-Abonnements für Benutzer in einer Organisation mit der remoten Windows PowerShell deaktivieren.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-257">Administrators can disable iCal publishing and iCal subscriptions for users in an organization by using remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="270b1-258">Weitere Informationen zur Verbundfreigabe finden Sie unter [Freigabe in Exchange Online](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271774).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-258">For more information about federated sharing, see [Sharing in Exchange Online](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271774).</span></span>
  
### <a name="outlook-2010-room-finder"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-259">Outlook 2010-Raumsuche</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-259">Outlook 2010 Room Finder</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-260">Exchange Online supports the Room Finder feature of Outlook 2010, which arranges rooms into lists (for example, a list called "Building 5 rooms") to make it easier to find a nearby room when scheduling a meeting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-260">Exchange Online supports the Room Finder feature of Outlook 2010, which arranges rooms into lists (for example, a list called "Building 5 rooms") to make it easier to find a nearby room when scheduling a meeting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="270b1-261">To appear in the room list, a distribution group must be specially marked using one of two methods:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-261">To appear in the room list, a distribution group must be specially marked using one of two methods:</span></span> 
  
- <span data-ttu-id="270b1-262">Eine neue Raumliste kann mithilfe der remoten Windows PowerShell erstellt werden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-262">A new room list can be created by using remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="270b1-263">Jede Verteilergruppe, die nur Räume enthält, kann über die remote Windows PowerShell in eine Raumliste konvertiert werden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-263">Any distribution group that contains only rooms can be converted to a room list through remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
    
## <a name="feature-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="270b1-264">Verfügbarkeit von Funktionen</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-264">Feature availability</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="270b1-265">Informationen zum Anzeigen der Verfügbarkeit von Features in Plänen, eigenständigen Optionen und lokalen Lösungen finden Sie unter [Exchange Online Service Description](exchange-online-service-description.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="270b1-265">To view feature availability across plans, standalone options, and on-premises solutions, see [Exchange Online service description](exchange-online-service-description.md).</span></span>
  